README.md, before:

# AngularExamples

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

finished color-input, added article and readme

README.md, after:

# Angular Interactive Components Examples

This project demonstrates the concepts and techniques presented in the [article](ARTICLE.md).

## About

This repository serves as a practical implementation of the article's teachings, showcasing how to create custom form components that are fully compatible with Angular's Forms and Reactive Forms APIs.

The project demonstrates:

- **Custom Form Controls**: How to implement `ControlValueAccessor` interface
- **Form Integration**: Making custom components work with `FormGroup`, `FormControl`, and `ngModel`
- **Validation**: Adding custom validators to form components
- **State Management**: Handling `disabled`, `touched`, `invalid`, and other form states
- **Reusable Architecture**: Creating a base `BasicInput` class to reduce boilerplate code

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/evanlaj/angular-examples.git
cd angular-examples

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the development server
npm start
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:4200`.
